Karasuno              Aoba Jousai
Up front!
Slam it down!
All right!
Yes! Back-to-back points!
Yes! Yes! They flipped it back around!
That was amazing!
Did it land in front of the attack line?
Because he hit it by snapping his wrist, the spike wasn't as powerful.
But as long as it gets past the block,
they can't dig the ball up from that angle.
Did Kageyama mean to give that to Hinata?
Push through!
Nice spike, Hinata!
Or did he make a mistake?
Shut up.
Hey, that was awesome! You basically hit it straight down!
Was that intentional?!
Hinata was close to the net, so I made the set close too.
I'm glad it worked out.
The ingenious part about Tobio
isn't his technique, it's his stupidity.
Where others would probably hold back,
he goes straight for it.
All right! Let's go do it again!
Right!
For better or worse.
When he's concentrating, he can't see his surroundings
and doesn't even realize that
no one's keeping up with him.
But...
Give us another good serve, Tsukishima!
an idiot that goes even further ahead than him has appeared.
You're putting too much strength into that!
I just jumped up where there weren't any blockers!
So this is where number ten comes into play.
Yeah.
Those two never cease to surprise me.
However...
in volleyball, the team that's better as six wins.
Come on, bring it!
Let's get this one!
Yeah!
If you understand that, then good.
We're going to win!
Leap and fly! High!
Flecked with blood, sweat, and tears
Those glistening wings can let you leave it all behind
So just fly
H
a
i
S
e
k
y
c
u
o
n
u
d
!
S
e
!
a
s
o
n
Fly high
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Into the distant future
H
a
i
k
y
u
H
a
i
k
y
u
S
e
c
o
n
d
S
e
a
s
o
n
S
e
c
o
n
d
S
e
a
s
o
n
!
The bruise-covered fledgling glares up at the sky
As the ones who've just found their wings laugh derisively
They just want to see the ends of the ocean
Empty your mind
Let the headwinds guide your approach
And with a hop, step, and a jump
Leap and fly! High!
Let your wings, glistening with blood, sweat, and tears
Take you to wherever you need to go
Unleash your unrefined impulses
Uncover your instincts and bare your uncut fangs
It may take an arduous path
But be torn down it endlessly to achieve your dream
So just fly
Fly high
Into the distant future
Episode Twenty-four:
The Absolute Limit Switch
Give us a good serve, Tsukishima!
Got it!
Nice receive!
That last attack was just luck.
Left!
Before it matures...
I'll crush them!
All right!
All right! We're tied!
Go for it!
All right!
Nice spike, Tanaka!
Ryuu!
Yeah!
Good luck, Matsukawa!
We're counting on you!
Yeah!
A pinch server, huh?
I'm counting on you here, Yahaba.
They're probably strengthening their defense too.
Right!
Give us a good serve, Yahaba!
With everything I have...
Asahi!
Sorry!
Cover it!
Tanaka!
Two blockers!
Yahaba!
Right!
Kyoutani!
Crap! It's short!
All right!
Did he just hit with his left hand?
He's right-handed, right?
Did he just do that on the spot?
He has total control of his body.
Karasuno              Aoba Jousai
That's two points in a row.
If they reach 20 points first, it's going to be rough.
Don't let them pull away!
Yeah!
Nice receive!
All right!
You little brat.
Kyoutani...
We're counting on you!
Yeah!
Yes! We've caught up.
Yeah, they're really focusing hard.
Give us a good serve, Tanaka!
Those guys never cease to surprise me.
Got it!
Watch the right! The right!
Number sixteen!
Stop them!
Nice contact!
Yes! Keep it going!
The receive is off! Watch the left side!
Get back!
Nice receive!
Wow...
One more!
Someone cover it!
Left!
Damn it!
All right!
Now we're in the 20s!
Karasuno            Aoba Jousai
They got to 20 first.
We don't have to panic.
It's still just a one point lead.
All right!
We're counting on you!
It's him again!
The pinch server who got five points in a row during the second set!
We're counting on you, Yamaguchi!
Stay calm!
Give it your all!
Right!
Go!
Tadashi!
Give us a good serve!
Yamaguchi!
Do that thing again!
Yamaguchi.
Go hit a good serve.
Yeah.
Karasuno              Aoba Jousai
You can do this!
It's going out.
No...
This time it went long?!
Yay!
Yeah!
What?!
Whoa! He actually kept it in play!
The last hit's all yours, Watari!
Right.
Here's our chance!
A synchronized attack!
Yeah!
Damn, his switch is totally flipped on.
Nice receive, Iwa.
Nice one, Iwaizumi!
Wow...
Makki!
A tip!
Damn it!
Yes! We managed to limit number twelve to one serve!
All right!
Nice tip!
Yeah!
When I was a kid, all I did was spike because it was fun, but now I can truly say this.
I'm glad I learned how good it feels to dig out the perfect spike.
Shake it off, Yamaguchi!
Is that seriously the same guy from the interhigh prelims?
Give us a good one, Hanamaki!
You didn't do anything wrong.
The other team was just too good.
Shake it off.
Nice receive, Tanaka!
Yes, sir.
Yamaguchi!
That was a great serve.
Each and every point carries so much weight.
Yeah.
They're just gonna have to stay on top of the ball and keep stacking up points one at a time.
That's the only way they can win.
All right!
Karasuno                  Aoba Jousai
Neither side is backing down.
If this turns into a deuce again,
will they keep going until they get a two-point—
No.
They're not gonna have time to think about that.
Bring it!
Seriously?
All right!
Nice serve!
What was that?
He can hit such an amazing serve in this tense situation?
Is he some kind of monster?
One more!
All right!
Karasuno                 Aoba Jousai
Seijou's at match point.
It's that again.
We're just gonna have to dig it out.
Yeah!
Switch gears!
Their mental strength is amazing.
Right!
Karasuno                   Aoba Jousai
They must be under an immense amount of pressure right now.
If we can get a hand on it, we'll make it work somehow!
We're not gonna lose!
Yeah!
Give it your all!
But of course.
Well, it's time.
You have to dig out his serve, no matter what!
Olé!
Yes!
All right!
They stopped Oikawa!
It's still match point for Seijou, though.
Karasuno                  Aoba Jousai
The wall in front of this next point is high.
Whoa. It's all over for Karasuno if they don't score here,
yet they're switching out their libero?
Sir.
Right.
Yeah!
This is the final showdown.
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
Yeah!
This is the final showdown.
Oh, they're gonna do the tactical single point by two setters!
Yeah!
If they can't score two in a row, they're done.
Please!
Yeah!
Do what you did back in the second set!
Give us a good serve, Suga!
Yeah!
How is he always able to concentrate so intensely at the end of a match?
Not that he has anything else going for him!
Huh? Why are you picking a fight with Hinata?
Let's finish it right here!
Yeah!
Give us a good serve!
Focus on one point at a time!
If I mess up this serve, it's all over.
Give us a good serve!
Go!
And if we can't survive our opponent's attack, it's over.
Here I go!
Is it in or out?
Is it going to be me or Iwaizumi?
Damn, they got it!
But the ace is out of the picture now!
Center!
Yeah!
You stopped it!
Hinata!
Shouyou!
I mean, he is a middle blocker.
He's supposed to be able to block.
I feel bad, really!
Great job taking that hit, Kageyama!
Karasuno                  Aoba Jousai
Karasuno tied it up!
It's a deuce!
Sorry.
Shake it off!
Focus on the next one!
Rather than trying to block it,
it was more like he jumped for the ball at all costs.
I'm always astonished by Shorty's quick reaction time.
Do it again, Suga!
Here I go.
Up front!
Damn it!
Whoa, that was close! It barely went over!
It broke their defenses!
Now he's trying to get Iwaizumi off balance?
He may be Mr. Pleasant,
but his serves aren't pleasant at all!
Center!
In the front!
Hit the ground!
I got it!
Yes!
Mr. Pleasant hit it first.
Now they can't do that attack from before!
Go!
Even if you can't block it, at least make some contact!
Give it to me!
You goddamn brats!
Ka—
Kageyama!
I know.
Nice, Kageyama!
Well done!
But...
I won't lose.
Karasuno              Aoba Jousai
Just one more point!
That was awesome, Tobio!
Man, when Sugawara touched the ball first,
I thought that meant Kageyama wouldn't be attacking.
Yeah, but everyone's got the impression that when Sugawara's in the game, he's up to something,
so their attention is drawn to him a little.
Damn, that really pisses me off!
That's definitely Oikawa's junior.
He's got a setter's disposition,
staying confident when it's all on the line.
Yeah, he does.
I'd love some of that confidence, to be honest.
Have you found the limits of your abilities?
Even though your technique, body, and mind haven't been perfected?
People who are naturally better than you have been different from you since the day they were born.
No matter how hard you work, how well you strategize, or who your teammates are, you can't change that.
You can complain after you've actually done everything you possibly can.
Rather than despairing and giving up because you're not a genius,
believe that this isn't the limit of your strength
and continue on the path straight ahead of you.
It may be a harsh road, but...
Today might be the day you seize
the chance to let your talent bloom.
It could be tomorrow, the day after, next year.
Maybe even when you're 30.
I'm not sure if physique has anything to do with it,
but if you think it'll never come, it probably never will.
Oikawa's seems different lately, doesn't he?
Push it, push it, push it, push it, push it, Seijou!
Rule the Court
Go, go, go, go, go, go, Seijou!
Go, go, Karasuno!
Push it, push it, Karasuno!
Hey, say it together!
If they hit a serve way up in the front again, I'll get it.
I'm leaving the rest to you.
Right!
Don't let your guard down.
They might try to drop it on us again.
Keep your eye on the ball.
Right!
Make sure to aim for the edges!
I know.
If I half-ass it, they'll instantly fire back at us.
All we need to do is get a hand on it when blocking!
Yeah!
Let's get this point back!
Let's score here!
Yeah!
Karasuno              Aoba Jousai
Give us a good serve, Suga!
Up front!
Iwaizumi!
All right! He's off balance!
Damn it!
Ryuu!
Go!
Let's finish this!
Damn, he dug it out!
Hanamaki!
But...
it's way off course!
It's all up to you, Oikawa!
Here's our chance!
A super-long and fast setup from outside the court...
Number four's going for it!
Talent is something you make bloom!
Instinct is something you polish!
It's perfect!
Damn it!
Yeah!
Get the last hit!
The team who's better as six wins!
Keep the rally going!
This is our chance!
Like hell...
He's gonna hit it from there?!
...you'll get that chance!
Nice, Kyoutani!
Hit it, Kageyama!
Shit. Talk about lame!
Give it to me!
Come.
Come at me with your ultimate weapon,
Tobio!
They saw it coming!
All...
...right!
Karasuno                Aoba Jousai
When I was just a nobody, something lit up my eyes
I was merely a guy languishing complacently in the dark, happy with what I had
Now I'm torn toward the heavens even on a starless night
Whether our time comes to us or not is a matter for those in another world
That's right, our lungs pumping and our hearts beating is all we have in this new realm
We've always been dancing on an unlit stage, but now beyond that
We're awaiting the rising of a sun that none have yet witnessed
Now that we're deliberating at a crossroads, paths blurring together
We can feel it
Inside this uncharted world which has yet to take on a name
As I'm waiting for the dawn to reach my eyes with a familiar light
I'm reminded of days I won't return to, and seeking proof of newfound existence
We brace ourselves
We won! We won!
Shimada... are you crying?
N-No, my contact lens just slipped...
But you're wearing glasses.
Episode Twenty-five:
Declaration of War
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
"Declaration of War."